Ah Doudou
Are you all right?
Come on, get up!
Kid, are you alright?
None of your business.
My mom is curious and cares about you
Why are you so rude?
Apologize to my mom
Hahahaha
Lele, what's wrong with you?
Mom and her family bully me
outrageous
My son, you dare not bully me.
Apologize Lele Mommy is like this
It was Lele who pushed my son down first
Then they both fell together
I didn't bully your son.
Even if my son is at fault first
You have to apologize too
The one who makes a mistake makes the one who didn't make a mistake apologize
Are you being unreasonable?
Humph
You are a migrant worker
What right do you have to reason with me here?
A migrant worker moving bricks on a construction site
Asking you to apologize is to give you a chance.
Apologize obediently
otherwise
I let your son be expelled from kindergarten, believe it or not
You are bullying and rude
You run this kindergarten at home
If you say fired, fired?